# Transformer-War
Aequilibrium does love transforming… people, lives, teams, companies. And there’s no better representation of transformation than Hasbro’s Transformers , the classic television series featuring heroic Autobots raging their battle to destroy the evil forces of the Deceptions. Please watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLS2N9mHWaw And write the following in whatever language you like: The Transformers are at war and you are in charge of settling the score! You’re to evaluate who wins a fight between the Autobots and the Decepticons. Here are the rules. Each Transformer has the following criteria on their tech spec (see http://www.ntfa.net/ntfa/techspecs/index.php?cat=Gen1&amp;group=DeceptPZ&amp;char=Predaking for an example): ● Strength ● Intelligence ● Speed ● Endurance ● Rank ● Courage ● Firepower ● Skill All of these criteria are ranked from 1 to 10. The “overall rating” of a Transformer is the following formula: (Strength + Intelligence + Speed + Endurance + Firepower) Each Transformer must either be an Autobot or a Deception. Your program should take input that describes a group of Transformers and based on that group displays: a. The number of battles b. The winning team c. The surviving members of the losing team The basic rules of the battle are: ● The teams should be sorted by rank and faced off one on one against each other in order to determine a victor, the loser is eliminated ● A battle between opponents uses the following rules: ○ If any fighter is down 4 or more points of courage and 3 or more points of strength compared to their opponent, the opponent automatically wins the face-off regardless of overall rating (opponent has ran away) ○ Otherwise, if one of the fighters is 3 or more points of skill above their opponent, they win the fight regardless of overall rating ○ The winner is the Transformer with the highest overall rating ● In the event of a tie, both Transformers are considered destroyed ● Any Transformers who don’t have a fight are skipped (i.e. if it’s a team of 2 vs. a team of 1, there’s only going to be one battle) ● The team who eliminated the largest number of the opposing team is the winner Special rules: ● Any Transformer named Optimus Prime or Predaking wins his fight automatically regardless of any other criteria ● In the event either of the above face each other (or a duplicate of each other), the game immediately ends with all competitors destroyed For example, given the following input: Soundwave, D, 8,9,2,6,7,5,6,10 Bluestreak, A, 6,6,7,9,5,2,9,7 Hubcap: A, 4,4,4,4,4,4,4,4 The output should be: 1 battle Winning team (Decepticons): Soundwave Survivors from the losing team (Autobots): Hubcap
